README.md, before:

# Noob-Env

[![Go Reference](https://pkg.go.dev/badge/github.com/alfarih31/nb-go-env.svg)](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/alfarih31/nb-go-env)
![GitHub go.mod Go version (subdirectory of monorepo)](https://img.shields.io/github/go-mod/go-version/alfarih31/nb-go-env?style=flat-square)
![GitHub release (latest by date)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/alfarih31/nb-go-env?style=flat-square)

Noob Env is a tools for working with `.env`, such as:
- Load Env
- Get Env

## Contents

- [Noob-Env](#Noob-Env)
  - [Installation](#Installation)
  - [Quick Start & Usage](#Quick)

## Installation

To install this package, you need to install Go (**version 1.17+ is required**) & initiate your Go workspace first.

1. After you initiate your workspace then you can install this package with below command.

```shell
go get -u github.com/alfarih31/nb-go-env
```

2. Import it in your code

```go
import "github.com/alfarih31/nb-go-env"
```

## Quick Start & Usage

See the test:
- [env_test.go](env_test.go)

## Contributors ##

- Alfarih Faza <alfarihfz@gmail.com>

## License

This project is licensed under the - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

Commit message:

build(docs): added thanks to godotenv in README.md

README.md, after:

# Noob-Env

[![Go Reference](https://pkg.go.dev/badge/github.com/alfarih31/nb-go-env.svg)](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/alfarih31/nb-go-env)
![GitHub go.mod Go version (subdirectory of monorepo)](https://img.shields.io/github/go-mod/go-version/alfarih31/nb-go-env?style=flat-square)
![GitHub release (latest by date)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/alfarih31/nb-go-env?style=flat-square)

Noob Env is a tools for working with `.env`, such as:
- Load Env
- Get Env

Noob Env use [GoDotEnv v1.4.0](github.com/joho/godotenv) to load & parse `.env`. Thanks to [*godotenv*](github.com/joho/godotenv)**

## Contents

- [Noob-Env](#Noob-Env)
  - [Installation](#Installation)
  - [Quick Start & Usage](#Quick)

## Installation

To install this package, you need to install Go (**version 1.17+ is required**) & initiate your Go workspace first.

1. After you initiate your workspace then you can install this package with below command.

```shell
go get -u github.com/alfarih31/nb-go-env
```

2. Import it in your code

```go
import "github.com/alfarih31/nb-go-env"
```

## Quick Start & Usage

See the test:
- [env_test.go](env_test.go)

## Contributors ##

- Alfarih Faza <alfarihfz@gmail.com>

## License

This project is licensed under the - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details
